Author:Mohammed Taher
Mail:mt@prollygeek.com
Web Page:http://www.prollygeek.com

# Introduction:

This demo was built by angular-kickstart which was meant to be angular 1.5 boilerplate.
Angular - kickstart was a simple project to help people quickly bootstrap their projects without bulky contents generated by common generators.
https://github.com/justgeek/angular-kickstarter

The project aimed to introduce new design patterns disregarding ones already implemented with Angular js, like for example lazy loading pattern using OC Lazyload
please refer to my question here:
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/37951270/angular-best-practice-lazyload-vs-concatenation

which did not get a clear answer, so angular-kickstart was trying to answer this question, to provide a proof through experiment.

Later on when angular 2 proved to be the future , I decided to discontinue working on this angular-kickstart.


## Getting started

for this demo to work you will need node.js installed, simply it will run http-sever, and automatically run default OS browser.

Simply run

`npm install` 

then

`npm run bower:install`

to install local depencies, this should install http-server as well

afterwards, please run

`npm start `

this will initiate the server and open the browser, and navigate to index file.


## What is missing ?

Because my time is very limited, and it is hard to maintain both open source projects, and a full time job, there were a lot of stuff missing in angular-kickstart(in progress), and consequently were missing in this demo.

- Sass for maintainable and scalable css
- Grunt for Automation
- Karma For unit testing
- Webpack for bundling solutions

Some compenents (like sort menu) were not built efficiently, same applies to some parts of code.

## Questions?

Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions.


FeedBack:

Feedback even if harsh or negative, is most appreciated, and I will really be grateful if I get full feedback.


